feat(jobs): improve MLOps example (#82)
scaleway/serverless-examples: jobs/ml-ops/README.md

export TF_VAR_access_key=<your-access-key>
export TF_VAR_secret_key=<your-secret-key>
export TF_VAR_project_id=<your-project-id> # you can create a separate project for this example
```

> You can optionally configure non-default CRON schedules to orderly fetch data then train a model, and finally re-load a new model within the inference server. For this, set the following Terraform environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, all three jobs in the example run regularly on a schedule. The default values for these schedules are configured in `jobs/ml-ops/terraform/variables.tf`, and can be overridden using Terraform variables, e.g. `export TF_VAR_data_fetch_cron_schedule=0 10 * * *`.
```

**nit(wording)**

Author: Done

```console
export TF_VAR_data_fetch_cron_schedule=<cron-schedule-expression>
export TF_VAR_training_cron_schedule=<cron-schedule-expression>
export TF_VAR_inference_cron_schedule=<cron-schedule-expression>

> ```

Reviewer: **nit(unncessary):** we don't need to include the code block for this optional configuration, just the comment above.

Author: Removed.
